
Indian Premier League was the one of its kind ever held in India. It is an Indian League of Cricket with 20/20 cricket matches between different states of India. However each team consisted of players from different countries. There were a number of famous entrepreneurs who started 8 teams. Names of all the remarkable players were put in the list to be put in the auction and just like an auction functions, they were bid for and the highest bidder had him in his/her team. A few teams were owned by Bollywood stars like Shah Rukh Khan, Preity Zinta, Shilpa Shetty and many more. This resulted into obvious maddening popularity of the games. This strikingly unconventional way was one of the strongest attractions for the people. It’s crisp and light hearted ways and a short span of games were really the best way to engross the maximum number of public to watch it. An increased number of celebrated matches and 11 seasons of IPL, beginning from 2008, to the running IPL 2017 were the consequences of the gigantic operation that took place in 2008.The humongous story of IPL has its beginning at the declaration of the league of matches in 2008. The 1st season of IPL begun in the month of April, with the winner to be the Rajasthan Royals (Rajasthan) proved itself to be quite an effect on the spectators of the matches. The mass intrigue was cherished and way more matches were to come in a row for them. In 2009 the winners were Hyderabad Deccan Chargers followed by Chennai Super kings in 2010 and 2011. The next year in 2012 the cup was achieved by Kolkata Knight Riders who again become the champions in 2014. In 2013 The Mumbai Indians walked away with grandeur and victory followed by 2015 where they again repeated their victory. Finally in 2016, The Sunrisers Hyderabad won the cup of victory. This year in 2017, The Indian Premier League is still going on full-fledged at different grounds in India.The future of IPL as seen by the general survey are Confirming the popularity of 20/20 cricket on a worldly basis. The increasing volume of cricket enthusiasts across the world. Setting a new trend in friendly matches. And finally, it might create the largest sphere of business surrounding cricket and similar crisp entertainment. IPL has proved itself to be the easiest medium to indulge the youth and even the elder mass into watching cricket, thus helping in uniting the people of the country by breaking all the barriers of general diversities.

